README.md, before:

# Grafana docker image

Image  with the latest build of Grafana and datasource configuration via environment variables.


## Running your Grafana image

Start your image binding the external port `3000`.

   docker run -i -p 3000:3000 konjak/grafana-docker

Try it out, default admin user is admin/admin.


## Configuring your Grafana container

All options defined in conf/grafana.ini can be overriden using environment variables.
You can automatically add a datasource configuration via environment variables, example:

```
docker run -d -p 3000:3000 \
    -e "DS_NAME=datasource_name" \
    -e "DS_TYPE=datasource type (CloudWatch, Graphite, InfluxDB, etc...)" \
    -e "DS_ACCESS=proxy or direct" \
    -e "DS_URL=datasource url" \
    -e "DS_PASSWORD=password" \
    -e "DS_USER=user" \
    -e "DS_DATABASE=database" \
    -e "DS_IS_DEFAULT=true" \
    -e "GF_SERVER_ROOT_URL=http://grafana.server.name" \
    -e "GF_SECURITY_ADMIN_USER=admin" \
    -e "GF_SECURITY_ADMIN_PASSWORD=secret" \
    -e "API_HOST=localhost" \
    -e "API_PORT=3000" \
    -e "API_USER=admin" \
    -e "API_PASS=secret" \
    konjak/docker-grafana
```

Commit message:

added host and docker dashboard for usage of collectd/influxdb.

README.md, after:

# Grafana docker image

Image  with the latest build of Grafana and datasource configuration via environment variables.
[grafana-influx-dashboard](https://github.com/anryko/grafana-influx-dashboard) is included in this image.
Furthermore 2 dashboards for monitoring the host and docker containers are added. These dashboards work with collectd metrics stored to an influxdb.
Consider using [docker-collectd](https://github.com/konstantinj/docker-collectd) which is prodviding host and docker metrics.


## Running your Grafana image

Start your image binding the external port `3000`.

   docker run -i -p 3000:3000 konjak/grafana-docker

Try it out, default admin user is admin/admin.


## Configuring your Grafana container

All options defined in conf/grafana.ini can be overriden using environment variables.
You can automatically add a datasource configuration via environment variables, example:

```
docker run -d -p 3000:3000 \
    -e "DS_NAME=datasource_name" \
    -e "DS_TYPE=datasource type (CloudWatch, Graphite, InfluxDB, etc...)" \
    -e "DS_ACCESS=proxy or direct" \
    -e "DS_URL=datasource url" \
    -e "DS_PASSWORD=password" \
    -e "DS_USER=user" \
    -e "DS_DATABASE=database" \
    -e "DS_IS_DEFAULT=true" \
    -e "GF_SERVER_ROOT_URL=http://grafana.server.name" \
    -e "GF_SECURITY_ADMIN_USER=admin" \
    -e "GF_SECURITY_ADMIN_PASSWORD=secret" \
    -e "API_HOST=localhost" \
    -e "API_PORT=3000" \
    -e "API_USER=admin" \
    -e "API_PASS=secret" \
    konjak/docker-grafana
```
